== About the system ==\nConference Navigator 3 is the main outcome of EAGER (Early Concept Grants for Exploratory Research) project [[Personalization and Social Networking for Short-Term Communities]]. Using academic research conferences as a test bed, the project explored new methods to leverage information about user interests (available from multiple external resources) and develop techniques to facilitate use of existing social technologies. \n\n== Team ==\n'''PI:''' Associate Professor [[User:Peterb|Peter Brusilovsky]]. \n\n'''co-PI:''' Assistant Professor Jung Sun Oh.\n\n'''Research Assistants:''' \n\n- Chirayu Wongchokprasittti: Researcher on recommendations, main developer of the two first versions of CN and co-developer of CN3.\n\n- [[User:Sherry|Sherry Sahebi]]: Researcher on recommendations and software developer.\n\n- Wei Jeng: User interface design and data analysis for CN3\n\n- Shaopeng Zhang: Developer and designer of web user interface for CN3.\n\n- Lei Jin: Developer of Android application.\n\n- Ranjani Rajagopal: Developer and designer of Android and iPhone application.\n\n- [[User:DParra|Denis Parra]]: Researcher on recommendations and software developer.\n\n- Steve Van Tuyl: Researcher on social networks.\n\n- [[User:Clau|Claudia Lopez]]: Researcher on incentive-based design and software developer.\n\n== Main Publications ==\n== Publications ==\n\n* Wongchokprasitti, C., Brusilovsky, P., and Parra, D. (2010) Conference Navigator 2.0: Community-Based Recommendation for Academic Conferences. In:  Proceedings of Workshop on Social Recommender Systems at the International Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces (IUI 2010), Hong Kong, China, February 7, 2010, available at [http://www.comp.hkbu.edu.hk/~lichen/srs2010/downloads/paper/21-final%20version%20cn20.pdf].\n\n* Brusilovsky, P., Parra, D., Sahebi, S., and Wongchokprasitti, C. (2010) Collaborative Information Finding in Smaller Communities: The Case of Research Talks. In:  Proceedings of 6th International ICST Conference on Collaborative Computing: Networking, Applications and Worksharing, Chicago, Illinois, USA October 9-12, 2010.\n\n* Parra-Santander, D., Jeng, W., Brusilovsky, P., López, C., and Sahebi, S. (2012) Conference Navigator 3: An online social conference support system. In: E. Herder, K. Yacef, L. Chen and S. Weibelzahl (eds.) Proceedings of Workshop and Poster Proceedings of the 20th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation, and Personalization, Montreal, Canada, July 16-20, 2012.\n\n* Parra, D. and Brusilovsky, P. (2013) A Field Study of a Visual Controllable Talk Recommender. In:  Proceedings of Proceedings of the 2013 Chilean Conference on Human - Computer Interaction, Temuco, Chile, ACM, pp. 56-59.\n\n* Lee, D. and Brusilovsky, P. (2014) Recommending Talks at Research Conferences Using Users’ Social Networks. International Journal of Cooperative Information Systems  23 (2).\n\n*Brusilovsky, P., Oh, J. S., López, C., Parra, D., and Jeng, W. (2017) Linking information and people in a social system for academic conferences. New Review of Hypermedia and Multimedia  23 (2), 81-111. [http://tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/13614568.2016.1179796]\n\n* Bailey, S. M., Wei, J. A., Wang, C., Parra, D., and Brusilovsky, P. (2018) CNVis: A Web-Based Visual Analytics Tool for Exploring Conference Navigator Data. In:  Proceedings of IS&T International Symposium on Electronic Imaging: Visualization and Data Analysis, pp. 376.1-376.11.\n\n* Li, S., Brusilovsky, P., Su, S., and Cheng, X. (2018) Conference Paper Recommendation for Academic Conferences. IEEE Access  6, 17153 - 17164. [https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8320373/]
