= 2011 Fall =\n'''Meeting Time:''' Tuesday 12:45pm-2:15pm\n<br>'''Location:''' IS502<br>\n\n==September==\n\n=== 2011-09-06 ===\n* Our new PhD student Mohammed Hassan Falakmasir introduced himself and his research on Educational Data Mining.\n\n* [[User:Clau| Claudia ]] presented a summary of the Workshops and Conferences that she assisted this Summer. You can check her presentation here: [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1383745/PAWS/PresentationSept2011.pptx PPT]\n\n=== 2011-09-13 ===\n* [[User:Shoha99| Sharon ]] will present a summary of her internship in the  [[http://edlab.tc.columbia.edu EdLab]] at Columbia University this Summer 2011. [http://prezi.com/zwk4uemn6upz/2011-summer-in-columbia-univ/ presentation]\n\n* [[User:Jennifer| Jennifer ]] \n\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n| Jennifer will give a short demo of the new system called MEMA, Museum Exhibition MAnagement.  You can check on [[http://jade.exp.sis.pitt.edu/mema/ MEMA]]\n\nThis is the project cooperated with the Carnegie Museum of Art. They will host an exhibition, "Teenie Harris, Photographer: An American Story". Our system provide mobile application to allow visitors to input their short messages by different social media. When they go back home, they could modify those short messages as their narratives of the exhibition by our personal web services and also share those narratives with other community members. \n|-\n|}\n\n=== 2011-09-20 ===\n* No talk this week\n\n=== 2011-09-27 ===\n* [[User:DParra| Denis ]]\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n| Denis presents his research on Implicit-to-Explicit mapping of preferences in music. He will present in the CARS workshop in RecSys 2011. He also presents an apology to his close future melancholy for the PAWS lab. [[http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1383745/PAWS/WALHFMF_v2.pptx ppt link]] \n|-\n|}\n\n* [[User:Sherry| Sherry ]] \n\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n| Sherry, presents the research about cross-domain recommendation using community identification with the IMHONET DB. She will present in a Workshop in RecSys 2011. \n|-\n|}\n\n==October==\n\n=== 2011-10-04 ===\n* [[User:Julio| Julio ]]\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n| Julio introduces himself to the group and discusses his research interests in extending our past work in peer-review, peer rating, peer assessment. Toss ideas in identifying expertise from the out-going links(proactive interactions) instead of incoming ones(ratings).\n|-\n|}\n\n=== 2011-10-11 ===\n*[[User:shoha99| Sharon ]]\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n|  [[User:shoha99| Sharon ]] presents [ftp://ftp.cs.orst.edu/pub/burnett/vlhcc11-WYSIWYT-ML-minicrowd.pdf Mini-Crowdsourcing End-User Assessment of Intelligent Assistants: A Cost-Benefit Study] from [http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~vlhcc2011/ VH/LCC] and [http://www.springerlink.com/content/u688x9112070232w/ Discovery of Complementary Learning Resources] from [http://www.ec-tel.eu/ ECTEL] conferences. [http://www.sis.pitt.edu/~ihsiao/pub/post-conf_vlhcc_ectel.pptx PPT]\n|-\n|}\n\n==November==\n\n=== 2011-11-8 ===\n*[[User:DParra | Denis ]]\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n|  [[User:DParra | Denis ]] presents  [http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1383745/PAWS/PAWS_meeting_recsys2011.pdf a summary of interesting papers from Recsys 2011] that may be relevant to the research of PAWS lab members. As usual, Denis delivers a fascinating presentation with surrealistic touches.\n|-\n|}\n\n=== 2011-11-15 ===\n*[[User:Chirayu | Chirayu ]]\n{| style="border: 1px solid #666; background-color: #eee;"\n|-\n|  [[User:Chirayu | Chirayu ]] presents [http://halley.exp.sis.pitt.edu/comet new version of CoMeT]. great stuff. check it out. explore and leave feedback.\n\n  an important fact of Chirayu: he likes Hayao Miyazaki movies and candies :)\n  +1 @denisparra\n|-\n|}\n\n==December==\n\nTBA\n\n== Archives ==\n* [[Meeting Archives 2011 Spring| 2011 Spring]]\n* [[Meeting Archives 2010 Spring| 2010 Spring]]\n* [[Meeting Archives 2009 Fall| 2009 Fall]]\n* [[Meeting Archives 2009 Spring| 2009 Spring]]
