== 2010 Spring ==\n'''Meeting Time:''' Tuesday 1.30pm-3pm\n<br>'''Location:''' IS522<br>\n\n=== 2010-01-26 ===\n* [[User:Myudelson|Michael Yudelson]] will present results of mining SQL Tutor dataset \n* Chirayu Wongchokprasitti will give a practice talk for IUI workshop\n\n=== 2010-02-23 ===\n*[[User:shoha99| Sharon Hsiao]] (Blogger [[User:Myudelson|Michael Yudelson]])\nrecent peer review papers overview & preliminary system presentation\n\n=== 2010-03-02 ===\n* Yetunde Folajimi\n\n'''INTELLIGENT TUTORING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR PROFILING DETERMINISTIC WEB-BASED SCHOLARS'''\n\n'''Summary'''\n\nWeb-based learning is an important paradigm for supporting flexible, constructive and innovative teaching and learning in a matured learning environment. It is important to demonstrate the prospective impacts of this technology in formal teaching as well as self-paced learning and assessments. As such, there is need for systems that can address concerns in web-based learning in such a manner as to imitate real life situations so as to deliver the values needed in the educational sector. This presentation is aimed at promoting a system that can encourage learners and teachers to work collaboratively towards the education reform by empowering teachers’ e-pedagogy competence and facilitating collaborative education at all levels. Architecture for Such Intelligent web based pedagogical system is subsequently discussed.\n\n'''Research problem'''\n\n# In what way can we can put together the pedagogical activities that can enhance teaching and learning beyond the barriers traditional classroom structure?\n# What are the best models that can facilitate the school system into becoming a virtual community?\n# How can we convert the pedagogical and administrative demands of educational system into technology-driven infrastructure\n# How can the association between the teachers and learners  be classified in such a manner as to translate into a collaborative society?\n\n'''Methodology'''\n\n# Psycho-pedagogical focus\n# Knowledge Engineering\n# Expert system\n# Artificial Intelligence\n# Flexible Teaching Methodology\n\n'''Plan'''\n\n# Discover available infrastructure\n# Discover methods for effective web-based ITS\n# Build improved user model for Distance Education\n# Research on minimizing overhead and maximizing productivity\n# Apply ITS to distant Learning Programmes\n\n=== 2010-03-09 ===\n* Spring break, no meeting\n\n=== 2010-03-16 ===\n* Danielle\n\n=== 2010-03-23 ===\n* Chirayu\n\n=== 2010-03-30 ===\n* Rosta\n\n=== 2010-04-06 ===\n* Jae-wook -- paper presentation: adaptive navigation support and visualization\n*# Lehmann, S., Schwanecke, U., and Dörner, R. (2010). Interactive visualization for opportunistic exploration of large document collections. Information Systems, 35(2):260-269. [http://www.citeulike.org/user/codex/article/6028409]\n*# Kienreich, W., Sabol, V., Granitzer, M., Kappe, F., and Andrews, K. (2003). Infosky: A system for visual exploration of very large, hierarchically structured knowledge spaces. In Proceedings der GI Workshopwoche LLWA-Workshop der Fachgruppe FGWM (Fachgruppe Wissensmanagement) [http://www.citeulike.org/user/codex/article/6974943]\n*# Andrews, K. (2006). Evaluating information visualisations. In Proceedings of the 2006 AVI workshop on BEyond time and errors: novel evaluation methods for information visualization, page 5. ACM. [http://www.citeulike.org/user/codex/article/6974942]\n* Slide: [[Media:Paws_2010spring_jahn.ppt|PPT]], [[Media:Paws_2010spring_jahn.pdf|PDF]]\n\n=== 2010-04-13 ===\n* Denis will present some ideas for revamping PAWS lab website.\n\n* Jae-wook will present a summary of the latest results of his research.
