The system is built upon a collection with approximately 80,000 \nphotographs by Charles "Teenie" Harris, a photographer for an \ninfluential local newspaper, the  Pittsburgh Courier. This \ncollection illustrates a 40-year period of Pittsburgh history \nthrough the eyes of an African-American photo-journalist and \namateur historian. MEMA stands for Museum Exhibition \nMAnagement. It is a system with mobile and Web features. To \nbe completely compatible for all mobile devices, we designed a \nmobile website with  flexible views for various mobile phone \nscreens. Users with handheld devices could post their ideas and \nfeelings at any time in the exhibition, with a Wi-Fi connection \nprovided by the museum. This mobile site is custom built for the \nexhibition “Teenie Harris, Photographer: An American Story” at \nthe Carnegie Museum of Art. It provides a friendly and intuitive \nnavigation structure to assist users to visit the exhibition (see \nFigure 1). Visitors can navigate the mobile system by four \ncategories including “HOT!”,”Theme”, “Date”, and “Ex. No”. \nThe “HOT!” category could lead visitors to the most popular \nitems that are getting the most feedback in the gallery. In \naddition, visitors can search for a specific item by entering the \nexhibition number displayed under each of the photographs on \nview. Four types of interactive  feedback are provided: “like”, \n“comment”, “tag”, and feedbacks on Twitter and Facebook. This \nfunctionality is available for every item displayed in the gallery.\n\n\n== Publications ==
