== Project Summary == \nIt has often been claimed that humans use solutions to previous problems to solve new problems or planning tasks. Especially in the domain of programming, both experienced and novice programmers often use program examples to learn the semantics and pragmatics of programming languages and to solve programming problems. To support this need, this projects focused on developing a rich Web-based database of programming examples that students can explore at their own pace. In the course of this project, we developed [[WebEx]], a Web-based tool for exploring interactive programming examples and [[NavEx]], an adaptive navigation support service the guides students to most appropriate examples.\n\n== Funding ==\n\nThe project is funded by University of Pittsburgh [http://www.pitt.edu/~facaffs/acie/ | Advisory Council on Instructional Excellence] in 2001.\n\n== Keywords ==\n\nExamples, Adaptive Navigation Support, Worked-out Examples\n\n== Systems ==\n\n* [[WebEx]]\n* [[NavEx]]\n\n== More information ==\n\n* Read [http://www.teachingkb.cidde.pitt.edu/teaching-times/supporting-learning-from-examples-in-a-programming-course/| Teaching Times article]\n\n== Contacts ==\n[[User:Myudelson | Michael V. Yudelson]]\n\n== Publications == \n\n* Brusilovsky, P., Yudelson, M., and Sosnovsky, S. (2004) An adaptive E-learning service for accessing Interactive examples. In: J. Nall and R. Robson (eds.) Proceedings of World Conference on E-Learning, E-Learn 2004, Washington, DC, November 1-5, 2004, AACE, pp. 2556-2561.\n* Yudelson, M., Brusilovsky, P., and Sosnovsky, S. (2004) Accessing interactive examples with adaptive navigation support. In:  Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Advanced Learning Technologies, ICALT 2004, Joensuu, Finland, August 30 - September 1, 2004, AACE, pp. 842-843.\n* Brusilovsky, P., Sosnovsky, S., and Yudelson, M. (2004) Adaptive Hypermedia Services for E-Learning, In: Aroyo, L. and Tasso, C. (eds.) Proceedings of Workshop on Applying Adaptive Hypermedia Techniques to Service Oriented Environments at the Third International Conference on Adaptive Hypermedia and Adaptive Web-Based Systems (AH'2004), Eindhoven, The Netherlands, August 23, 2004, pp. 470-479 [PDF]\n* Sosnovsky, S., Brusilovsky, P., and Yudelson, M. (2004) Supporting Adaptive Hypermedia Authors with Automated Content Indexing, In: Aroyo, L. and Tasso, C. (eds.) Proceedings of Second International Workshop on Authoring of Adaptive and Adaptable Educational Hypermedia at the Third International Conference on Adaptive Hypermedia and Adaptive Web-Based Systems (AH'2004), Eindhoven, the Netherlands, pp. 380-389 [PDF]\n* Yudelson, M. and Brusilovsky, P. (2005) NavEx: Providing Navigation Support for Adaptive Browsing of Annotated Code Examples. In: C.-K. Looi, G. McCalla, B. Bredeweg and J. Breuker (eds.) Proceedings of 12th International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Education, AI-Ed'2005, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, July 18-22, 2005, IOS Press, pp. 710-717, also available at http://www.pitt.edu/~mvy3/assets/AIEd2005_NavExFinal2.pdf.\n* Goreva, N., Yudelson, M., and Marshall, B. (2007) Using WebEx in a web application programming course. Issues in Information Systems  VIII (1-2), 52--57.\n* Brusilovsky, P., Hsiao, I.-H., and Yudelson, M. (2008) Annotated Program Examples as First Class Objects in an Educational Digital Library. In:  Proceedings of Joint Conference on Digital Libraries, JCDL 2008, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, June 16-20, 2008, pp. 337-340.\n* Brusilovsky, P. and Yudelson, M. (2008) From WebEx to NavEx: Interactive Access to Annotated Program Examples. Proceedings of the IEEE  96 (6), 990-999.\n* Brusilovsky, P., Yudelson, M., and Hsiao, I.-H. (2009) Problem Solving Examples as First Class Objects in Educational Digital Libraries: Three Obstacles to Overcome. Journal of Educational Multimedia and Hypermedia  18 (3), 267-288.
