---
title: "Community-Building and Infrastructure Design for Data-Intensive Research in Computer Science Education"
source_namespace: "ns_0"
source_filename: "Community-Building_and_Infrastructure_Design_for_Data-Intensive_Research_in_Computer_Science_Education.md"
---

## Overview



Online educational systems, and the large-scale data streams that
they generate, have the potential to
transform education as well as our
scientific understanding of learning. Computer Science Education
(CSE)
researchers are increasingly making use of large collections of data
generated by the click streams
coming from eTextbooks, interactive
programming environments, and other smart content. However,
CSE
research faces barriers that slow progress:

* Collection of
computer science learning process and outcome data generated by one
system is not compatible with that from other systems.
* Computer
science problem solving and learning (e.g., open-ended coding solutions
to complex problems) is quite different from the type of data (e.g.,
discrete answers to questions or verbal responses) that current
educational data mining focuses on.

The project goal is to build
community and capacity among CSE researchers, data scientists,
and
learning scientists toward reducing these barriers and facilitating
the full potential of data-intensive
research on learning and improving
computer science education. We are bringing together CSE tool
build
communities with learning science and technology researchers
toward a software infrastructure that
supports scaled and sustainable
data-intensive research in CSE that contributes to basic science of
human
learning of complex problem solving. This goal is being achieved
through a set of community-building and
infrastructure
capacity-building activities whose ultimate goal is to
develop and disseminate infrastructure that facilitates
three aspects
of CSE research:

* development and broader re-use of innovative
learning content that is instrumented for rich data collection,
*
formats and tools for analysis of learner data,
* best practices to
make large collections of learner data and associated analytics
available to researchers in CSE, data science, or learning science.


We engage a large community
of researchers to define, develop,
and use critical elements of this infrastructure to address
specific
data-intensive research questions. We are hosting workshops,
meetings, and online forums leveraging
existing communities and
building new capacities toward significant research outcomes and
lasting
infrastructure support.

This is a collaborative project with
Carnegie Mellon University and Virginia Tech teams.

#### Current State

This community-building project has now been expanded into a
full-scale infrastructure development project <a
href="An_Infrastructure_for_Sustainable_Innovation_and_Research_in_Computer_Science_Education"
class="wikilink"
title="An Infrastructure for Sustainable Innovation and Research in Computer Science Education">An
Infrastructure for Sustainable Innovation and Research in Computer
Science Education</a>. All updates will be posted to the <a
href="An_Infrastructure_for_Sustainable_Innovation_and_Research_in_Computer_Science_Education"
class="wikilink" title="new project page">new project page</a>. Make
sure also to visit [project Web site](https://cssplice.github.io/) where
you can find more information about the project as well as various
project materials and resources.
